# # RefundRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_id** | **string** | Any Random String/Number generated by the caller. Used for tracing purposes. |
**merchant_id** | **string** | Merchant ID. |
**origin_tx_id** | **string** | ID of the original transaction(authorization), provided by PMG. | [optional]
**origin_short_tx_id** | **string** | Short ID of the original transaction (authorization), provided by PMG (8 or 9 numbers). | [optional]
**merchant_refund_id** | **string** | Short ID of the original transaction(authorization), provided by PMG. |
**amount** | **string** | The amount to refund in currency&#39;s smallest re-presentable unit (e.g cents). No decimal placeholder. |
**system_id** | **string** | Terminal ID when payment is originated from terminal. System id when payment originated from ecommerce. |
**currency_code** | **string** | 3 letter ISO currency code of the transaction. |
**description** | **string** | Description of the refund. Depending on payment or refund method, the actual outcome on the consumer’s statement varies, for instance the set of allowed characters or maximum length. The text resulting from your input value is automatically stripped of white space and truncated if it exceeds the maximum length. We may adapt the text if required e.g. for reconciliation purposes. | [optional]
**payload** | **array<string,object>** | Reserved map for addition information to be passed. In general to be used to transfer payment method specific data. | [optional]
**push_status_url** | **string** | This property is used for rest notification when refund status has been changed. | [optional]
**reason** | **string** | Reason for the refund:  TIMEOUT - the original transaction response timed out. Client initiated refund; ERROR - terminal/portal is unable to obtain the status of original transaction due to unknown error; USER - refund was requested by user. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
